Because I'm doing this project in the browser, I could just use regular HTML elements and some CSS to do all text in the game (and long term I may end up doing that, if I run into major performance issues or some kind of wild unimaginable complexity). However, because I'm deep diving into OpenGL/WebGL with this project and running really low-level on a lot of things, I decided it would be fun to make a custom text rendering system with WebGL as well, because what could possibly be more fun?

In order to render text, I decided to use a spritesheet approach, where I have all the characters on one image and then can create/display 8x8 sub-images for whatever string I need to display. I made a spritesheet with the pixelated font used in Pokémon Crystal, duplicated as faithfully as I could by running the game in my emulator and counting/reproducing the pixels in each character. You're no doubt jealous of my exciting evening.

Each character occupies 8x8 pixels, with a 1 pixel empty border on the left and bottom edges to keep text from excessive touching/overlap (although with a handful of characters, they cut into those otherwise empty spaces, so there is a possiblity of a little bit of uncomfortably close kerning). I tried to keep the position of each character in its 8x8 square as close to the original game as possible, and I think I did a pretty okay job.

I used [PixilArt](https://www.pixilart.com/draw) to create the spritesheet, it worked very well and I will continue to use it for any other basic pixel art work I may need for this project, so if you need a simple pixel art editor for anything, I definitely recommend. The `pokemon-crystal-font.pixil` file in this folder is so that if I find I missed a character, I can upload that on PixilArt and add the character, rather than having to do everything over again from scratch. The image file of the font that will be used in the code to create character sprites is located in `src/assets/img/sprites/font.png`
